<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
>
<h:head/>
<h:body>
    <ui:composition template="templates/layout.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="content">
            <h1>Welcome to Song Tracker!</h1>
            <p>Song Tracker helps you to make a list of songs that you have ever listend to.</p>
            <h2>Excerpt from the article: <i> The power of music: how it can benefit health </i></h2>

            <p>
                “I think music in itself is healing,” American musician Billy Joel once said.
                “It’s an explosive expression of humanity. It’s something we are all touched by.
                No matter what culture we’re from, everyone loves music.” Most of us would wholeheartedly
                agree with this statement, and it is this universal bond with music that has led
                researchers across the globe to investigate its therapeutic potential.
            </p>

            <p>
                “We have a such a deep connection to music because it is ‘hardwired’ in our
                brains and bodies,” Barbara Else, senior advisor of policy and research at
                the American Music Therapy Association told Medical News Today.
                “The elements of music – rhythm, melody, etc. – are echoed in our physiology,
                functioning and being.”
            </p>

            <p>
                Given the deep connection we have with music, it is perhaps unsurprising that numerous
                studies have shown it can benefit our mental health. A 2011 study by researchers from McGill
                University in Canada found that listening to music increases the amount of dopamine produced
                in the brain – a mood-enhancing chemical, making it a feasible treatment for depression.
            </p>

            <p>
                And earlier this year, MNT reported on a study published in The Lancet Psychiatry that suggested
                listening to hip-hop music – particularly that from Kendrick Lamar – may
                help individuals to understand mental health disorders.
            </p>

            <p>
                But increasingly, researchers are finding that the health
                benefits of music may go beyond mental health, and as a result, some health experts
                are calling for music therapy to be more widely incorporated into health care settings.
                In this Spotlight, we take a closer look at some of the potential health benefits of
                music and look at whether, for some conditions, music could be used to improve – or
                even replace – current treatment strategies.
                <a href="https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/302903"
                   target="_blank"> Read more </a>
            </p>

            <h2>Excerpt from the article: <i> Keep Your Brain Young with Music </i></h2>

            <p>
                If you want to firm up your body, head to the gym. If you want to exercise
                your brain, listen to music. “There are few things that stimulate the brain
                the way music does,” says one Johns Hopkins otolaryngologist. “If you want
                to keep your brain engaged throughout the aging process, listening to or
                playing music is a great tool. It provides a total brain workout.” Research
                has shown that listening to music can reduce anxiety, blood pressure, and pain
                as well as improve sleep quality, mood, mental alertness, and memory.
            </p>

            <p>
                Experts are trying to understand how our brains can hear and play music. A
                stereo system puts out vibrations that travel through the air and somehow
                get inside the ear canal. These vibrations tickle the eardrum and are
                transmitted into an electrical signal that travels through the auditory
                nerve to the brain stem, where it is reassembled into something we perceive
                as music.
            </p>

            <p>
                Johns Hopkins researchers have had dozens of jazz performers and rappers improvise
                music while lying down inside an fMRI (functional magnetic resonance imaging) machine
                to watch and see which areas of their brains light up.
            </p>

            <p>
                “Music is structural, mathematical and architectural. It’s based on relationships
                between one note and the next. You may not be aware of it, but your brain has
                to do a lot of computing to make sense of it,” notes one otolaryngologist.
            </p>

            <p>
                The power of music isn’t limited to interesting research. Try these methods
                of bringing more music—and brain benefits—into your life.
                <a href="https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/health/wellness-and-prevention/keep-your-brain-young-with-music"
                   target="_blank">
                    Read more </a>
            </p>

        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>